Details about known caveats of using multiple processes in pre-commit (#9463)
pylint-dev/pylint: doc/faq.rst

You can see the plugin you need to explicitly :ref:`load in the technical reference
<user_guide/checkers/extensions:optional checkers>`.

I want to use pylint on save in my IDE, how can I do that ?
-----------------------------------------------------------

> Don't do it, pylint is not fast enough for that and never will be. pylint is best suited

Reviewer: I don't use the VS Code plugin, but I just installed it and runs fine on an M1 mac. Not everyone has fast hardware, I know, but I wonder since more people will by with passing year, maybe we don't need to memorialize this discouragement? 

I'm wondering if even just suggesting disabling duplicate-code or running with -E or something is better than "here be dragons"?

Author: Hmm, wow, I think I meant 'on keystroke'  instead of 'on save' here.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint/compare/14d653e3d34c24885cadacb86f36334e8f059c9d..1698065d6d661eb69eba9d174d96844fd417a31a

You can see the plugin you need to explicitly :ref:`load in the technical reference
<user_guide/checkers/extensions:optional checkers>`.

I want to use pylint on each keystroke in my IDE, how can I do that ?
---------------------------------------------------------------------

> Don't do it, pylint's full suite of check is not fast enough for that and never
> will be. pylint is best suited for linting on save for small project, or a continuous
> integration job or a git ``pre-push`` hook for big project. The larger your repository
> the slower will pylint be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't do it: pylint's full suite of checks is not fast enough for that and never
will be. pylint is best suited for linting on save for small projects, or for a continuous
integration job or a git ``pre-push`` hook for big projects. The larger your repository
is, the slower pylint will be.
```

> If you want to make pylint faster for this type of use case, you can use the ``--error-only``
> option which will remove all the refactor, convention, and warning checks. You can also disable
> checks with inherently high complexity that need to analyse the full code base like
> ``duplicate-code`` or ``cyclic-import`` (this list if not exhaustive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make pylint faster for this type of use case, you can use the ``--errors-only``
option, which will remove all the refactor, convention, and warning checks. You can also disable
checks with inherently high complexity that need to analyse the full code base like
``duplicate-code`` or ``cyclic-import`` (this list is not exhaustive).
```

> Why do I have non deterministic result when I try to parallelize pylint ?
> -------------------------------------------------------------------------
> 
> pylint should analyses all your code at once in order to best infer the
> actual values that are passed in calls. If only some of the files are given pylint might
> miss a particular value's type and produce inferior inference for the subset. Parallelization
> of pylint is not easy, we also discourage the use of the ``-j`` option if this matter to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why do I have non-deterministic results when I try to parallelize pylint ?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

pylint should analyse all your code at once in order to best infer the
actual values that result from calls. If only some of the files are given, pylint might
miss a particular value's type and produce inferior inference for the subset. Parallelization
of pylint is not easy; we also discourage the use of the ``-j`` option if this matters to you.
```
